{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang9 Malware \b0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 Malicious software designed to harm or exploit computers. This includes viruses, worms, trojan horses, ransomware, and spyware. But it is most frequently used to steal personal, financial or business information. While their motivations vary, cyber attackers nearly always focus their tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) on gaining access to privileged credentials and accounts to carry out their mission.\b\par
Malware Types:-\b0\par
\b Virus:\b0  When a computer virus is executed, it can replicate itself by modifying other programs and inserting its malicious code. It is the only type of malware that can \ldblquote infect\rdblquote  other files and is one of the most difficult types of malware to remove.\par
\b Worm:\b0  A worm has the power to self-replicate without end-user involvement and can infect entire networks quickly by moving from one machine to another.\par
\b Trojan:\b0  Trojan malware disguises itself as a legitimate program, making it one of the most difficult types of malware to detect. This type of malware contains malicious code and instructions that, once executed by the victim, can operate under the radar. It is often used to let other types of malware into the system.\par
\b Hybrid Malware:\b0  Modern malware is often a \ldblquote hybrid\rdblquote  or combination of malicious software types. For example, \ldblquote bots\rdblquote  first appear as Trojans then, once executed, act as worms. They are frequently used to target individual users as part of a larger network-wide cyber attack.\par
\b Adware:\b0  Adware serves unwanted and aggressive advertising (e.g., pop-up ads) to the end-user.\par
\b Malvertising:\b0  Malvertising uses legitimate ads to deliver malware to end-user machines.\par
\b Spyware: \b0 Spyware spies on the unsuspecting end-user, collecting credentials and passwords, browsing history and more.\par
\b Ransomware:\b0  Ransomware infects machines, encrypts files and holds the needed decryption key for ransom until the victim pays. Ransomware attacks targeting enterprises and government entities are on the rise, costing organizations millions as some pay off the attackers to restore vital systems. Cyptolocker, Petya and Loky are some of the most common and notorious families of ransomware.\line\b *************************************************************\b0\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 Phishing\b0\fs24\line\b\ldblquote Phishing\rdblquote\b0  refers to  an attempt  to steal  sensitive information, typically in the  form  of usernames,  passwords, credit card  numbers,  bank account  information or  other important  data  in order to  utilize or sell  the stolen information.  Phishing messages manipulate  a user, causing  them to  perform  actions  like  installing  a malicious file, clicking a malicious link, or divulging sensitive information such as access credentials.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 A phisher may use public resources, especially social networks, to collect background information about the personal and work experience of their victim. These sources are used to gather information such as the potential victim\rquote s name, job title, and email address, as well as interests and activities. The phisher can then use this information to create a reliable fake message.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b Common Phishing Techniques\par
\fs28 Email Phishing \b0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b Some common phishing techniques include:\par
Social Engineering:\b0  Social engineering uses psychology to manipulate the targets of phishing attacks. A phisher may use deception, coercion, bribery, or other techniques to achieve their goal.\par
\b Typosquatting:\b0  Phishers may use domains and URLs that look very similar to that of a legitimate, trusted domain. If the target isn\rquote t paying sufficient attention, then may believe that the link is legitimate.\par
\b Email Spoofing:\b0  A spoofed email is designed so that the display name of the email belongs to someone that the email recipient trusts. The sender field in an email is just data and is under the control of the sender. Phishers use this fact to make emails appear to come from trusted email accounts.\par
\b URL Shortening:\b0  Link shorteners like bit.ly conceal the target destination of a URL. Phishers use this to trick a target into clicking on a link to a phishing page.\par
\b Malicious Redirects:\b0  Redirects are designed to send a browser to another page if the original URL is unavailable, incorrect, or outdated. Malicious redirects can be used to send a user to a phishing page instead of a legitimate one.\par
\b Hidden Links:\b0  Links can be hidden in seemingly harmless text or images. If a user accidentally clicks the hidden link, they are sent to a phishing page.\par
\b Types of Phishing Attacks-\par
#1. Email Phishing\par
\b0 Most phishing attacks are sent via email. Attackers typically register fake domain names that mimic real organizations and send thousands of common requests to victims. For fake domains, attackers may add or replace characters (e.g., my-bank.com instead of mybank.com), use subdomains (e.g., mybank.host.com), or use the trusted organization\rquote s name as the email username (e.g., mybank@host.com).\par
\b Email phishing messages have one of the following goals:\b0\par
Causing the user to click a link to a malicious website in order to install malware on their device.\par
Causing the user to download an infected file and using it to deploy malware.\par
Causing the user to click a link to a fake website and submit personal data.\par
Causing the user to reply and provide personal data.\par
\b #2. Spear Phishing\b0\par
Spear phishing includes malicious emails sent to specific people. The attacker typically already has some or all of the following information about the victim:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Name\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Place of employment\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Job title\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Email address\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Specific information about their job role\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Trusted colleagues, family members, or other contacts, and samples of their writing\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b #3. Whaling\b0\par
Whaling attacks target senior management and other highly privileged roles. The ultimate goal of whaling is the same as other types of phishing attacks, but the technique is often very subtle. Senior employees commonly have a lot of information in the public domain, and attackers can use this information to craft highly effective attacks.\par
\b #4. Smishing and Vishing\b0\par
This is a phishing attack that uses a phone instead of written communication. Smishing involves sending fraudulent SMS messages, while vishing involves phone conversations.\par
In a typical voice phishing scam, an attacker pretends to be a scam investigator for a credit card company or bank, informing victims that their account has been breached. Criminals then ask the victim to provide payment card information, supposedly to verify their identity or transfer money to a secure account (which is really the attacker\rquote s).\par
\b #5. Angler Phishing\b0\par
These attacks use fake social media accounts belonging to well-known organizations. The attacker uses an account handle that mimics a legitimate organization (e.g., \ldblquote @pizzahutcustomercare\rdblquote ) and uses the same profile picture as the real company account. Attackers take advantage of consumers\rquote  tendency to make complaints and request assistance from brands using social media channels. However, instead of contacting the real brand, the consumer contacts the attacker\rquote s fake social account.\par
When attackers receive such a request, they might ask the customer to provide personal information so that they can identify the problem and respond appropriately.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b Signs of Phishing\b0\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b Message Style -\b0  An immediate indication of phishing is that a message is written with inappropriate language or tone. \par
\b Unusual Requests -\b0  If an email requires you to perform non-standard actions, it could indicate that the email is malicious. For example, if an email claims to be from a specific IT team and asks for software to be installed, but these activities are usually handled centrally by the IT department, the email is probably malicious.\par
\b Linguistic Errors - \b0 Misspellings and grammatical misuse are another sign of phishing emails. \par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b Ways to Protect\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Employee Awareness Training\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Deploy Email Security Solutions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Make Use of Endpoint Monitoring and Protection\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Conduct Phishing Attack Tests\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Limit User Access to High-Value Systems and Data\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b *************************************************************\b0\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\par
 \ul\b\fs32 DoS  and DDoS Attacks\ulnone\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 A denial-of-service (DoS) attack floods a server with traffic, making a website or resource unavailable,  in this attack a computer sends a massive amount of traffic to a victim\rquote s computer and shuts it down. Dos attack is an online attack that is used to make the website unavailable for its users when done on a website. This attack makes the server of a website that is connected to the internet by sending a large number of traffic to it. \par
A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack is a DoS attack that uses multiple computers or machines to flood a targeted resource. distributed denial of service in this attack dos attacks are done from many different locations using many systems.\par
\b Types of DoS Attacks and DDoS Attacks:-\par
Teardrop Attack\b0\par
A teardrop attack is a DoS attack that sends countless Internet Protocol (IP) data fragments to a network. When the network tries to recompile the fragments into their original packets, it is unable to. \par
For example, the attacker may take very large data packets and break them down into multiple fragments for the targeted system to reassemble. However, the attacker changes how the packet is disassembled to confuse the targeted system, which is then unable to reassemble the fragments into the original packets.\par
\par
\b Flooding Attack\b0\par
A flooding attack is a DoS attack that sends multiple connection requests to a server but then does not respond to complete the handshake. \par
For example, the attacker may send various requests to connect as a client, but when the server tries to communicate back to verify the connection, the attacker refuses to respond. After repeating the process countless times, the server becomes so inundated with pending requests that real clients cannot connect, and the server becomes \ldblquote busy\rdblquote  or even crashes.\par
\par
\b IP Fragmentation Attack\b0\par
An IP fragmentation attack is a type of DoS attack that delivers altered network packets that the receiving network cannot reassemble. The network becomes bogged down with bulky unassembled packets, using up all its resources.\par
\par
\b Volumetric Attack\b0\par
A volumetric attack is a type of DDoS attack used to target bandwidth resources. For example, the attacker uses a botnet to send a high volume of request packets to a network, overwhelming its bandwidth with Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) echo requests. This causes services to slow down or even cease entirely.\par
\par
\b Protocol Attack\par
\b0 A protocol attack is a type of DDoS attack that exploits weaknesses in Layers 3 and 4 of the OSI model. For example, the attacker may exploit the TCP connection sequence, sending requests but either not answering as expected or responding with another request using a spoofed source IP address. Unanswered requests use up the resources of the network until it becomes unavailable.\par
\par
\b Application-based Attack\b0\par
An application-based attack is a type of DDoS attack that targets Layer 7 of the OSI model. An example is a Slowloris attack, in which the attacker sends partial Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) requests but does not complete them. HTTP headers are periodically sent for each request, resulting in the network resources becoming tied up. \par
The attacker continues the onslaught until no new connections can be made by the server. This type of attack is very difficult to detect because rather than sending corrupted packets, it sends partial ones, and it uses little to no bandwidth.\par
\b **********************************************************************\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\ul\fs32 Man-in-the-Middle (MitM) Attack\par
\ulnone\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs22\par
}
 